- Gonna dance all night.
Oh, my God.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Where you think you're going?
- Oh, I know
we're a little casual,
but it's the end of the night,
so we didn't think it--
- Sorry, doors are closed.
- Come on, we just wanna dance.
Yo, are you serious?
- Give 'em a break, dude.
Listen, most folks
that come here
just stand around
taking selfies.
Let the sisters in.
- Yeah, well, that sign says
I got the right
to turn away
anybody I want.
- You sure about that?
'Cause the Federal Civil Rights
Act states
"Privately owned places of
public accommodation
"cannot discriminate
on the basis of
race, color, national origin,
or religion."
[hip-hop music]
♪
- Told you it'd be fun.
Now get over there.
- No.
- Boy.
Go.
♪
[gunshot]
- [screaming]
[crowd screaming]
[gunshot]
- Run!
- Come on!
[grunting]
[gunshot]
[gunshots]
[indistinct shouting]
[suspenseful music]
♪
[tense music]
[dramatic music]
- Detective Stokes,
what do we know?
- Shooter burst in
shortly after 3:00 a.m.
One dead, three wounded.
It was the end of the night.
Place was packed.
- Shocking there weren't
more victims.
- Agent Chazal, good to see you
out in the field,
and yeah, you're right,
it could've been much worse.
The victim rushed the shooter,
saved a lot of lives.
Caleb Jackson, 21-year-old
student at UVA.
Took three shots
to the abdomen.
- We know anything
about the shooter?
- White male, early 20s.
Checking security
camera footage.
- Those the witnesses?
- Yeah.
- That's a lot
of ground to cover.
- You know, Hate Crimes
can handle it.
- No, we got it.
- Let us know
if you need our help.
- Will do.
[indistinct radio chatter]
♪
- Hey, everything okay?
- You know I've been doing
a lot of cases
in this neighborhood.
- Yeah, we crossed paths
on a few of them.
- People trust me.
They look to me for solutions.
Lately, I've been hearing
a lot about
how the feds aren't as engaged
when we're the victims.
- Look at all these agents.
- Yeah, you're here...now.
Some of us are thinking
that this shooting
could have been avoided.
There was an incident here
no more than a week ago.
- What kind of incident?
- Three guys from
a white supremacist group
threatened to shoot people
standing in line.
- Which white supremacist group
are we talking about?
- The First Order.
- That doesn't sound
like their style.
- We've been told
that the feds were handling it.
- I'm sure
there's an explanation.
- Yeah, you're probably right.
I might be out of line
to say this--
- Say what?
- You wear it well.
The badge.
- [clears throat]
- All right, listen up.
We got a mass shooter
in the wind.
One dead, three injured.
Name of the club is X2.
It's in the Bushwick
neighborhood of Brooklyn.
Predominantly African-American.
Apparently the spot for
underground hip-hop and R&B.
So inquiring minds wanna know,
why this club?
- Hey, Maggie just sent over
surveillance video
from the club.
Ian, got it?
- Cueing it up now.
- All right.
- This the only angle?
- Yeah, the only angle where
the gunman is fully visible.
- The only thing this video
establishes is that it's a man.
- We'll get a description from
someone who was there.
- Okay.
[solemn music]
- I stepped away for a minute
to cover the bartender.
Next thing you know, some white
dude comes in with a Glock.
Tried to get people out of the
way, but dude was on a mission.
- He immediately opened fire?
- Nah, he kinda advanced
his way through, you know?
- What did he look like?
Was he tall, short?
Have any distinguishing marks?
- White dude in a dark hoodie.
- Did you get a good look
at his face?
- Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, it was dark,
but he looked right at me.
- What did he look like?
- White skin, brownish curls,
and dark eyes.
- I'll never forget those eyes.
Steel blue, real Aryan-looking.
And his wrist glowed
in the dark.
He had one of those bands
around his wrist.
- Like an exercise tracker?
- More like the ones that
promote cancer awareness.
Maybe it was one
of those glow sticks.
I don't know.
Whatever it was, it was pink.
- A wristband?
- Yeah.
- I can't say.
I didn't really see him.
- Where were you
when he opened fire?
- Over there.
I'm sorry.
It's just that I'm--I'm the one
who convinced Caleb to come.
- You knew him?
- He was an old friend
from way back.
During the summers, he works
two jobs to pay for school.
And I just--I wanted him to
have a good time, you know?
I mean, convincing people to
come out and have fun
is literally what I do.
- What do you mean?
As a job?
- I'm one of the hype girls.
We get influencers
into the club.
You know, the Insta-stars,
the beautiful people.
They help raise
the club's profile.
Uh, I was planning on working
at a club across town,
but the owner offered a bigger
cut of the tables here, so.
I'm sorry, just...
All I keep picturing
is Caleb just lying there.
- I'm assuming we all got
much of the same thing?
- Yeah, our suspect
has blond, dark brown,
straight
or curly hair
with blue or brown eyes
and a slight to medium build.
- That is the problem with
cross-racial identification.
Descriptions from a different
race can be wildly inaccurate.
- Yeah, well, it doesn't help
that the club was dark,
and the alcohol was flowing.
- So where's that leave us?
- We're getting
the video surveillance
from outside, but
the angle's probably too wide
to give us
anything worthwhile.
- Witnesses did say that they
saw him with a pink wristband.
- And we got the shell casings
that were recovered.
- You know, there might be
something else too.
There was a hate crime incident
a week ago.
White supremacists threatened
a group of club-goers.
- Threatened them how?
- They pulled up in a van--
- We asked them for help
and it didn't matter!
They knew black people
were being threatened.
And what'd they do?
Not a damn thing.
This family deserves answers.
- Victim's parents?
- Gotta be.
- [scoffs quietly]
- We should go talk to them.
[indistinct chatter]
- That's an interesting
condolence card.
- It's not a condolence card.
It's an insignia
for the First Order.
The group that made
the threat.
- All right, NYPD, who is
supporting this investigation,
brought to our attention that
this club was recently targeted
by a hate group called
the First Order.
You wanna fill us in?
- Witnesses reported that three
white men in a black Jeep
with a First Order bumper
sticker shouted at a crowd
waiting outside the club,
and I quote
"Get my gun, it's time to do
some street cleaning."
- Who called it in?
- Club-goers.
The whole thing was caught
on video camera.
And this wasn't the first time
something like this
had happened.
These guys have pulled off
similar stunts
like this in the past,
but it's finally escalated.
- What did they say
when they were brought
in for questioning?
I mean, I'm assuming the car
was traced
and the suspects
were identified.
- Agents never followed up.
- How is that possible?
- Threat response
made the call.
- They've got
a specific criteria.
- Not our job to second guess.
- I beg your pardon,
but if you had second guessed,
then maybe Caleb Jackson
might still be alive.
- How 'bout we focus on what's
in front of us right now?
Our shooter is still out there.
I think we can all agree
that's a problem.
Let's start by identifying
the First Order.
Who are they?
- Yeah.
This guy is the face
of the group.
Bruce Gulley, he's the founder.
He's a white nationalist who's
all about separating the races
for "the betterment
of society."
He has a website, a podcast,
a chat room designed
to rile up the masses,
but no one has
resorted to violence--
- Perhaps until now.
- Right.
- Any physical
evidence tying
Bruce Gulley to the shooting?
- Ballistics could only confirm
that the shells were consistent
with a Glock 17.
- And we're searching social
media for any cell phone images
that were taken by the
lookie-loos at the crime scene.
And we're scanning the calling
card for fingerprints.
- Here we go.
- What, prints?
- Sort of.
Home printers, they embed
hidden metadata
into documents now,
and I traced the
First Order's calling card
to an HP printer registered
to our pal, Bruce Gulley.
- Get him in here.
- Maggie, OA.
- Yeah.
- Great.
- Yeah, I printed it.
So what?
I printed hundreds of them.
I don't control
where they wind up.
- Well, this one wound up
at the scene
of a nightclub shooting.
- And that means I did it.
- Lines up with your desire
to rid Bushwick
of all
blacks and Hispanics.
- Seems a little thin to me.
- Well, then you throw in
the threats you made
to the people outside the club,
and it seems
a lot less circumstantial.
- Your last statement,
especially.
- What statement?
- "Get my gun"?
"It's time to do
some street cleaning."
Guy in a Jeep
just like yours
yelled at a group
of 21-year-olds.
- I like saying
provocative things.
- I think it was a threat.
One that you decided
to make good on last night.
- I didn't.
- So then, where were you
at 3:00 a.m.?
- Home, in bed.
- Anyone with you?
- Girlfriend was out of town
and I'm a faithful guy, so no.
- You're not helping yourself,
Bruce.
- Run a check on my phone
or whatever.
It'll show you I was home
all night.
- What about your buddies?
Hmm?
Your website says you have
hundreds of members.
Did you rile up
one of those idiots
and have them push
your agenda?
- If someone takes
my words out of context
and resorts to violence,
that's on them.
- I want the names
of all of your members.
- I don't have to give you
a damn thing.
- I hate the guy, but we need
more than that to hold him.
- If Gulley
or one of his members was,
indeed, the shooter,
we've got a real problem.
The club received multiple
threats, we didn't act,
and a young man died.
At least that's how reporters
are gonna see it.
And frankly, they'll be right.
[phone beeps]
- Scola's got a lead.
What do you got?
- Lookie-loo recorded a video
outside the club.
- Let's see.
[tense music]
♪
- He got any affiliation
with the First Order?
- We have profiles on a lot
of these guys.
Names, photos.
They're in our system.
He is not.
- He could be a new recruit.
Why else would he
leave the card?
- Run it through facial rec.
Which you already have.
And?
- Nothing came up.
- So release it to the public.
I mean, somebody out there
must know this punk.
-Mm-mm, we release a photo,
he might run.
- But what other choice
do we have?
- You know what?
I might know someone
that can help.
Isobel, this is Hank Cafferty.
- Pleasure.
- Hank is a former
white supremacist.
- Ah, let's go to my office.
- We crossed paths
on a case a few years back.
- Which is another way of
saying Jubal arrested me.
Now I work to get others
out of the life.
- So, look, we were hoping
you could take a look
at this photo.
We believe this kid is
a First Order recruit.
You ever seen him?
- He in trouble?
- Looks that way.
- Yeah, I've seen him
a couple times
at a sporting goods
store downtown.
It's popular with First Order
members, Neo-Nazis.
They got all the privileges
of middle-class family
but full of pent up anger.
- Angry enough to kill?
- I'd say no.
Not yet, anyway.
They empower each other.
I tried talking to this kid,
but I couldn't get through.
Like reinforced steel.
- You have his name?
Ivan Childress, 18.
His parents divorced
when he was six.
A stormy marriage led to
an even stormier divorce.
They shared custody, but their
arguments got so out of hand,
a judge ordered them to hand
off Ivan at a police precinct.
- So the die was cast early on
for little Ivan.
- He was thrown out
of two private schools
for aggressive behavior.
He's currently being
homeschooled by his mom.
- It seems to fit the profile
of these white nationalists.
- Angry, disaffected.
- Get a search warrant.
- Yes, ma'am.
[suspenseful music]
[knocking]
- FBI, open up.
- We have a warrant
for Ivan Childress.
- He isn't here.
- Enter, team, let's go.
- What the hell are you doing?
- Go!
- He isn't here!
Hey!
- Let's go lower right.
- Copy that.
- Federal agents!
[tense music]
- Upstairs clear.
- Let's go run the wall.
♪
- He's running through
the backyard.
- No.
Leave him alone.
- You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can
and will be used
against you in a court of law.
- Ivan--
- You have the right
to an attorney.
- Stop.
I don't need an attorney.
I did it.
I'm the shooter.
[dramatic music]
♪
- I didn't need any help.
- So you alone
just went to this club
and shot those people?
- That's right.
Me, alone.
All Bruce and those
other guys do is bitch
about how the blacks
and the Mexicans
and all the others
are ruining this country.
I got tired of all the yapping.
I thought it was time
to start doing.
- Do we know if he was
in the car with Gulley
when they threatened
the club?
- Uh, not sure.
- Let's find out.
The mayor's gonna wanna know
how bad this is.
Did we ignore threats made
by the actual shooter
at the actual location
of the shooting?
- So what did you do?
Exactly.
- I walked in with my Glock,
and I started firing,
And then this dude rushed me.
Big, black guy.
He was going for my gun,
so I blasted him.
- How many times?
- Three.
- Then what?
- He dropped,
so I got the hell out of there.
- Have you ever shot
anyone before?
- No, but it's not
that complicated.
- Where's the gun now?
We sent agents to your house,
they searched it,
no gun.
- Adrenaline was pumping,
so I tossed the gun
and my clothes,
which was not
the smartest move,
but I didn't want the blood of
those people on me like that.
- Where?
- Where what?
- Where did you toss
the gun and the clothes?
- In a dumpster about a block
or so from the club.
- So you got away.
Why go back
and leave a calling card?
- It's important to spread
the message.
Those guys wouldn't actually
believe that I did it.
I mean, to think of the look
on their faces.
- So you did it for them.
- I did it for my countrymen.
My people.
We're taking the country back.
- Show me your wrist.
Your other one.
Where's your bracelet?
- I told you.
I dropped everything,
all right?
Now just give me a damn
statement to sign or whatever.
- We'll get the paperwork
started now.
- Nice work.
- Just another angry kid
looking for a place
to put his anger.
- We should let the families
know before it hits the news.
- No, we need to corroborate
his story first,
then we can charge him.
- Why wait?
I mean, it'll ease
a lot of fears
if people know
charges are being filed.
- They'll know we have
a suspect in custody.
That should be enough to
suffice for now.
- We should try to
retrieve the weapon
and the clothes
he was wearing.
If he tossed them
in the dumpster,
they could
still be there.
- Okay, w--hold on, though.
That didn't seem odd
to any of you?
He just shot people
and he just acted like
he was recalling
what he had for lunch.
- Shows the depth
of his hatred.
- I'm not buying it.
- The confession?
- He did walk us through
the whole thing, Maggie.
- I know what a killer
sounds like.
Ivan sang the words, but he
doesn't know the music.
- You heard the way he talked.
You don't think that kid has it
out for black people?
- No doubt he's a racist.
But maybe he only confessed
so that he could impress
his First Order buddies.
- He could've killed Caleb
Jackson for the same reason.
I mean, he basically said
as much.
- Listen, that's why
it is incumbent upon us
to find real evidence.
So, go out and get some.
Report back when you have it.
- The trash was probably
picked up five hours ago.
It was last night.
How do we even know
this is the same garbage?
- You think Ivan did it,
don't you?
- Yeah, it looks that way.
But we need to make sure, we
need to get more evidence,
and as long as we do that for
every suspect, then--
- What, what?
What do you mean?
- What?
- What does that mean,
"every suspect"?
- Yeah, I don't mean you,
I just mean in general.
- Yeah, my only goal is
to get the right guy.
You know, it has nothing to do
with Bureau politics,
with the prior threats,
color of the kid's skin.
I just--I wanna make sure
we do this right.
- So do I.
So do you wanna search any
more dumpsters or are we good?
- No.
But there is someone else
I wanna talk to.
- Okay.
- I heard a suspect confessed.
So what are they charging him
with, capital murder
or are they favoring
hate crime charges?
- No charges yet.
Uh, agents have questions
about Ivan's confession.
- Questions?
- Yeah, they wanna gather
more evidence,
corroborate his story.
- I get it.
The Bureau wants to soft pedal
this guy
because they don't want to
embarrass themselves
for screwing up.
- Okay, we're not trying
to cover up anything.
- Not you, personally.
- But my team is?
- If a black guy confessed
to shooting people
at an Alt-Right rally,
would agents be out
looking through trash cans
to prove he's innocent?
Hell no.
The suspect would
be halfway to death row.
This is the kind of story that
the people in the community
need to know about.
If you want to talk
to a reporter,
I know someone at "The Ledger"
that you can speak with.
- A reporter?
And what would I tell them?
- Tell them that the feds are
sitting on a confession
because they don't want
to embarrass themselves
for sitting
on actionable threats
against
an African-American nightclub.
I'd do it myself, but the story
will be so much bigger
and get so much more attention
if it came
from the inside the FBI.
- I can't sell out my people.
- Who, agents?
Those are your people?
Things won't change
unless people in power,
people like you and me,
make it happen.
Just think about it.
- I never saw Ivan wearing
a hoodie of any kind.
- Does he wear a bracelet?
- No, not that I'm aware of.
- Okay, did you spend time with
him the night of the shooting?
- I was working.
- What would you say
his mood was like?
That morning
or leading up to that.
- He seemed a little distant,
angry.
I wish I could give you
something else but--
No, it's my fault, all of this.
I didn't do a good job of
shielding him
from all of my problems.
All the arguing--
I tried, but my ex-husband,
he's--
Well, he's not a nice person.
Let's just leave it at that.
We were constantly arguing
and Ivan became
so full of rage about it all.
- So when did he
become involved
with white nationalists?
- A few months ago.
I begged him to stay away
from it, but--
- Well, how did Ivan's father
feel about that?
- He was horrified.
I mean, he's a son of a bitch
and all but he's not a racist.
I tried to get Ivan help.
We went to therapist
after therapist, but--
Sorry.
- Thank you for your time.
Is this Ivan?
- Father-son hunting trip.
Ivan's dad insisted
on taking him.
- How old is he there?
- Hmm, about ten.
Ivan loved the crisp mornings,
the fresh air, the quiet.
Blood and dead animals
scared him to death.
The ex and I felt
like hell about it.
- Has he ever shown aggression
towards animals or pets?
- My son makes a home for every
stray cat in the neighborhood.
- Did he ever try
hunting again?
- That's why the thought
of Ivan shooting people
is so disturbing.
It makes no sense.
- Hey, we didn't find
any evidence
to support or refute
Ivan's story.
But we're gonna keep looking.
- I'm with Maggie now, guys.
After talking to his mom and
learning how spooked he gets
at the idea of hunting,
I just don't see this kid
becoming a killer.
- Ivan knew details that had
never been reported.
He knew the type of gun,
the number of shots.
- Yeah, but he was also milling
around the crime scene.
I mean, everything he told us,
he really could have overheard
from witnesses.
- Maybe we should show them
what we found.
- Yes, um.
So while you two were out
with the mother,
Scola and I did
some digging of our own.
A counterfeiting ring turned
over a list of fake IDs
used to purchase guns from
sellers in Brooklyn.
- The ring was busted
last month.
- Dustin Burroughs
from Bronxville
is one of the names
on the list,
and agents found this
in Ivan's bedroom.
- Dustin Burroughs.
So Ivan had a fake ID.
- Okay, so this
Dustin Burroughs guy
actually buy a gun?
- No, not that we know of.
- So you wanna charge Ivan
with murder based on a fake ID?
- No, I wanna charge him
based on the fact
that he actually confessed.
- Plenty of suspects have been
convicted on that alone.
- Yeah, look, I know
this doesn't make much sense,
but I'm telling you his tone
and mannerisms were off.
- Not all killers emote.
- Regardless, guys,
we need more.
- Well, we can hold Ivan
for 48 hours,
so let's get it right.
Do what you gotta do.
- Okay, Maggie, what's next?
We already searched
the dumpsters
and we talked
to Ivan's mom.
- Ian, the pink wristbands,
got anything?
- Three different venues
issued them on Saturday.
I can show you the algorithm
I used.
- We don't have time for that.
Thanks.
- Right, here's the list.
Fundraiser for pregnant teens,
the NICU at a hospital
in Queens,
and a Brooklyn nightclub
called Club Nero.
- Club Nero was handing out
pink wristbands
on Saturday night?
- Yep, with a wristband you got
access
to every floor
in the club.
- Okay, I'm all for confirming
that Ivan was
wearing a wristband,
but that club had to have
handed out hundreds of them.
- I know, it's not much.
But if it's a clue,
we gotta track this down.
- [sighs]
Okay.
- A white dude showed up
wearing sneakers and a hoodie
the other night.
But that ain't him.
- Well, what'd he look like?
- He was older.
Good looking dude.
Not as fresh faced as that kid.
His clothes weren't kosher,
like at all.
I let him in because
it was early.
I figured he'd run up a tab
at the bar.
- And did he?
- Yeah, sat here for hours.
- Are these
security cameras on?
- Should be.
- We need the video from
Saturday night.
- Still no charges?
How long they gonna
drag this out?
[whispering] It's time
to call that reporter.
You know it's the right move.
- Our friend unhappy
about the delay in charges?
- Just wants to do right
by the people in Bushwick.
You know, the victims.
- So do the rest of us.
Oh, he's got inside your head,
huh?
Just do
what you think is right.
Not what Damon thinks.
You were promoted to special
agent because you're smart,
'cause you've demonstrated that
you can make the right decision
when the pressure is on.
Just remember that.
Okay?
[dramatic music]
♪
- Exact same clothes
as the shooter.
- Yup.
- Hey, Maggie just sent over
a still of the suspect
from Club Nero.
- Oh.
- Pull it up.
- Yeah.
- What's going on?
- Maggie and OA got a photo
of the shooter.
Yeah.
- Maggie was right.
- Ivan's not our killer.
- First priority, we identify
our mystery man in that photo.
- I'm running it through
facial recognition.
- I'll help.
It'll go faster
with two people.
- Let us know if you find
a match.
- Maggie just sent over
the surveillance video.
Pulling it up right now.
- Let's find him, too,
the bartender.
Maybe he knows something.
- Maggie and OA are talking
to him right now.
- I remember that guy.
I didn't get a name
or anything,
but I do remember him.
He kinda had an intense vibe.
Is he like a mafioso or
in the import-export biz maybe?
Those guys always seem shady.
- Look, why don't we ask
you the questions?
- Right, my bad.
- Did he say why he came in?
- I figured it was for
the Oliver Samuel Reserve.
- What, the whiskey?
- You know it?
- Yeah.
- I don't drink.
- Twelve-stepper?
Ah, I did it again, didn't I?
- Yeah.
- Uh, we don't keep the real
expensive stuff on the shelf.
Only people in the know
order the stuff.
- Would you say he was familiar
with this place, then?
- No, he knew we carried it
because he used to drive
the trucks that deliver it
to bars and liquor stores
around Brooklyn.
- Okay.
- Yeah, I recognize him.
Name's Jim.
Jim Housley Dietz.
- Does he work here?
- Used to, but I fired him
the other day.
Personally, I like the kid.
Hard worker, smart,
charismatic.
- Well, then,
why'd you let him go?
- The other day, he went off on
an Afro-American store owner.
- I think you mean
African-American.
- Yeah.
- Did he physically
threaten him?
- No, just called him
all kinda names.
Racist stuff.
- Did Jim have a problem with
African-Americans?
- Not that I ever knew.
But there was no way I could
keep him on after that.
- How'd he take that?
- Like any man would.
Not well.
He started making excuses.
Said something about
breaking up with his girl.
The last time I checked,
heartbreak don't
make you a racist.
- All right, we need you
to get Jim's home address.
- Yeah.
[knocking loudly]
- FBI, we have a warrant
for Jim Housley Dietz.
- FBI, we have a warrant!
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music]
- Run the walls!
♪
- All clear.
- Check this out.
- Nine millimeter.
- Consistent with a Glock 17.
- Well, let's make sure
we bag those.
Hey, left his computer on.
Check this out.
- That's the hype girl
from the club, Patrice.
- Didn't she mention
that she was supposed to work
at another nightclub
the night of the shooting?
- That could've been Club Nero.
- So maybe that's why Jim
went there first.
- So that means that Jim's goal
wasn't some racist mass
shooting.
He had one target.
Patrice.
- Is Patrice's phone still off?
- We still can't track it.
- What about her parents?
- We tried texting them but
their phones must be off too.
- Not one of her 1,000-plus
friends or followers
know where she is?
- Well, everyone we spoke to
claims
that Patrice never told
them where she was going.
- Get each of them in here.
Now.
- Is Patrice here?
- Are you here to talk to her
about the shooting?
- Is she here?
- No, I'm her roommate.
Jasmine.
- We've been trying
to contact her.
- She left this morning.
- Left to go where?
- She didn't say.
Caleb's death, the shooting,
hit her hard.
She said she needed to go off
the grid for a while
to clear her head.
So she shut off all her devices
and packed a suitcase
and split.
- Do you have any idea
where she went?
- I told her she probably
shouldn't be alone.
But she insisted.
- Okay, well, someone has to
know where she went.
Parents or friends?
- I can get you her mom
and dad's number,
but they're flying back from
South Africa right now.
They cut their vacation short
when they heard what happened.
- Okay, do you know a guy named
Jim Housley Dietz?
- Yeah, he and Patrice
had a thing,
but he started acting
kinda creepy.
- What do you mean?
- Patrice isn't
the "in a relationship" type.
And he got freakily possessive.
When she pulled back,
he went neo-Nazi on her.
Which is strange,
because hello, she's a sister.
So she ghosted him.
Blocked his number, his email.
- How long ago was this?
- Uh, a few weeks ago,
I think.
Does Jim have something to do
with the shooting?
Because he showed up
here today.
- When?
- A couple hours ago, maybe.
He said that he heard the news
about the shooting
and wanted to check in
on Patrice.
- And Patrice has no idea
that he came here?
- No, Jim was, like,
ancient history to her.
- But you have no idea
where she is?
- I try not to get too involved
with Patrice's affairs.
Oh, my God, if Jim shot
those people at the club.
- Jasmine, it's gonna be okay.
We're gonna have undercover
agents outside of your door.
Here's my card.
If Patrice or Jim contact you,
let us know immediately.
- All right, everyone,
listen up.
I am about to tell you
something
that cannot leave
this room.
Understand?
Your friend Patrice was
the intended target
of Saturday's shooting.
That's why it is imperative
that we speak with her.
So, whoever knows where she is,
spill it now.
- Hey.
- We found Patrice.
She's at a friend's
vacation home in Northport.
Just sent you the address.
And the suspect's cell phone
just hit off a tower
near the Long Island
Expressway.
- Do you think he figured out
where Patrice is?
- It's possible; this house is
Patrice's safe space.
There's a good chance
he knows about it.
- On our way.
[tires squealing]
[suspenseful music]
♪
- There's no cars
in the driveway.
- Yeah, but Jim can't be
far behind.
[tense dramatic music]
♪
- Patrice.
I'm Agent Bell.
This is Special Agent Zidan.
We met before.
- We need you
to come with us now.
We have reason to believe
you may be in danger.
- No, I'm--I'm fine.
- We believe that
your ex-boyfriend, Jim,
was the shooter at X2.
And he was there looking
for you.
You were the intended target.
- Uh, no, no.
Jim--Jim would never hurt me.
He's a good guy.
- Look, we have evidence
suggesting otherwise.
But if we can just get you
to a safer location,
then we can get into this
in more detail.
- No, I'm okay.
I'll stay here.
I swear, I feel perfectly safe
here, really.
I don't need to go.
You don't have to worry.
I promise, really, I--
- Okay, come on.
[gunshot]
- [screams]
- It's okay.
Okay, go hide behind the car.
Don't move.
♪
[whispering]
OA, where are you?
OA.
[gunshot]
[glass shatters]
[gunshots]
- [grunts]
[body thuds]
- This is
Special Agent Maggie Bell.
Roll an ambo
to 35 Saratoga Drive.
We got a suspect down,
two shots to the chest.
- He's dead.
- You okay?
- Yeah.
It just knocked
the wind outta me.
- Thanks.
- I got your back.
- It's over?
- Yep.
Maggie and OA are on the way
back with Patrice now.
- We dodged a bullet.
If that shooter had been
a First Order member--
- I know.
But he wasn't.
He was just a jilted boyfriend.
- Well, I want to find out why
Threat Response dismissed
the threats at the club.
- You know why.
They did a baseline check
and, given the intel available,
there was nothing
left to be done.
- You know that for a fact?
- No, but I did my time in
that squad, making those calls.
And I know that,
when you're triaging threats,
you can follow the policy
guidelines to the letter
and still get it wrong.
- Well, maybe those guidelines
need adjusting.
- Well, that's possible,
but I'm not sure
it's something you can fix.
I think it's just the nature
of threat response.
It's an imperfect science.
You just hope
that nobody dies because of it.
- Well, maybe perfection
is impossible,
but I at least want
to review what happened.
- It's not our area.
- Well, maybe we need to
make it our area.
We have to do something
because, next time,
we might not be so lucky.
[somber music]
♪
- Congratulations.
- Hey, thank you, you too.
- Hey, can I ask you, um,
why you were so sure
Ivan didn't do it?
- See you.
A feeling, I guess.
I mean, it had nothing to do
with the politics
or the race,
if that's what you're saying.
- Look, Maggie,
I know what kind of agent
and what kind
of person you are,
and I know that
you would never consciously
act out of prejudice.
But I also know good people,
well-intentioned people,
can sometimes have blind spots
when it comes
to stuff like this.
So I have to ask.
- Okay.
Okay, um, look,
if you feel
like something is wrong
or if you see
that I'm missing something,
please, I want you
to tell me that.
That's important to me.
Because I--
Because I wanna be
standing with you,
helping you
sound the alarm.
- Okay.
I am still wondering
why you were so sure
Ivan wasn't the guy.
I mean, what did you see
that the rest of us didn't?
- A middle-aged man crippled
with guilt and shame.
My father.
He was a cop for 30 years,
and he was really good
at his job.
But when he was first starting
out, he had this case.
He got a murder confession from
a young kid, 19 years old.
And three days later that kid
killed himself in a lockup.
Turns out he was innocent.
So I've got my dad in my ear
all the time, talking about
how important it is to be
careful with confessions.
You know, make sure they know
the music, not just the words.
- That makes sense.
- Congrats.
- Thank you.
- Glad you got a good result.
But let's face it,
you got lucky,
especially your girl, Maggie.
- Mm-mm, no.
I don't think she got lucky.
- What was it then?
- I think she's just good.
♪
[dramatic music]
[wolf howls]